hey this is Curtis Evert from St Studios
films I just wanted to uh do a little
video to check in and I've seen a lot of
people post on social media a lot of
filmmakers where they're comparing
themselves to Hollywood or other
filmmakers who are in the field and one
thing to remember is that whenever
you're making a movie or making films or
short films or whatever you're making
you don't want to compare yourselves to
your peers otherwise you're always going
to come up short instead you know you
you want to
facilitate camaraderie between those who
also do it while trying to do the best
work that you can do but let me tell you
I've been doing this for 20 years and
there will always be someone who has
more money more toys more resources than
you you will never be number one in at
what you do there will always be someone
better than you even if you feel like
you're great and you're you know the
best you can be there's always going to
be someone who makes you feel a little
bit inferior just because they're out
there doing what they do and they're
utilizing whatever resources they have
and they they have more money that they
can throw into more time just whatever
you know and it'll make you feel like oh
well you know I've got to step up my
game and some people they see this as a
competition they say oh well so and so
did this I've got to do this well you
should be making movies for the most
important audience member
yourself that's why you should be making
the movie to begin with I mean it's nice
if you have other people out there that
enjoy what you make but at the end of
the day you should be making the movies
that you want to
watch so strive to be better better you
know uh try to you know every time I
make a movie I'm trying to do something
a little bit different um you know I'm
trying to step up the quality in some
regard I'm trying out different
equipment you know I'm trying different
techniques I try to do something a
little bit different I try not to do the
same thing every time that I make a
film but don't suffer from comparison
because it's not a competition
the whole thing about being creative and
you know doing that out there in the
world is you just want to make sure you
are having fun doing what you do for me
I mean even though I have films that are
out there it's still an expensive hobby
I mean it's it's an expensive hobby you
know it's not gotten to the point where
you know it's paying my bills it's just
you know an expensive Hobby and I'm
passionate about what I do and um you
know I I I do my best I mean you know
even even in my mind even in my heart
you know sometimes I'm like man you know
this person's got it made you know and
they're they're doing great things you
know and I I really got to step up my
game but then I remember you know why
I'm making movies and that's for
myself I'm making movies for me I'm not
making movies you know is there's no you
know first place second place third
place uh that's one thing that
frustrates me about film festivals in
general you know film festivals you have
to pay
money you pay money to a board of people
to tell you that your film fits in with
their
programming so you know and a lot of
times it boils down to runtime so if you
make movies that you know are too long
for them to program you know they are
not going to plug in your 90-minute
feature you know they they want
something really short you know a 10 20
minute film at the longest
and if you don't fit in with their
programming they're not going to put it
in and so I've seen a lot of filmmakers
you know who get frustrated they said oh
my film did not get accepted by this
festival or that Festival well just take
that money that you're using to submit
it to festivals and just use that money
to make more movies and just you know be
creative don't worry about whether or
not you're getting into film festivals
because in the end film festivals
whether you win them or you're in them
or not it really don't matter you know
the there's only a few festivals in the
world that are lifechanging you know if
you're a part of if your film is in
these festivals you know oh man that
leads to distribution that leads to
bigger and better things but you know
for the most part A lot of these smaller
festivals uh on a state level they're
just money-making machines so don't feel
like just because you didn't get into a
film festival that does not mean you
were not a great
filmmaker anyway I'm rambling at this
point but yall have a great week uh
don't suffer by comparison pave your own
path Choose The Road Less Traveled by
